homo sapiens
pan troglodytes
gorilla gorilla
macaca mulatta
macaca fascicularis
chlorocebus sabaeus
mandrillus leucophaeus
cebus capucinus
callithrix jacchus
ochotona princeps
tupaia belangeri
pteropus vampyrus
procavia capensis
echinops telfairi
octodon degus
chinchilla lanigera
vicugna pacos
tursiops truncatus
bison bison bison
sorex araneus
erinaceus europaeus
macaca nemestrina
choloepus hoffmanni
vombatus ursinus
monodelphis domestica
notamacropus eugenii
sarcophilus harrisii
phascolarctos cinereus
numida meleagris
salvator merianae
coturnix japonica
notechis scutatus
manacus vitellinus
lonchura striata domestica
gopherus agassizii
anser brachyrhynchus
lepidothrix coronata
pelodiscus sinensis
pogona vitticeps
melopsittacus undulatus
serinus canaria
chelonoidis abingdonii
ficedula albicollis
taeniopygia guttata
cyanistes caeruleus
seriola dumerili
electrophorus electricus
pygocentrus nattereri
ictalurus punctatus
acanthochromis polyacanthus
monopterus albus
seriola lalandi dorsalis
astyanax mexicanus
hippocampus comes
xiphophorus couchianus
xiphophorus maculatus
cynoglossus semilaevis
gasterosteus aculeatus
betta splendens
parambassis ranga
poecilia mexicana
astyanax mexicanus pachon
gadus morhua
mola mola
oryzias latipes hsok
takifugu rubripes
cottoperca gobio
callorhinchus milii
cyprinodon variegatus
paramormyrops kingsleyae
scleropages formosus
larimichthys crocea
fundulus heteroclitus
amphiprion ocellaris
oryzias latipes hni
tetraodon nigroviridis
labrus bergylta
latimeria chalumnae
periophthalmus magnuspinnatus
kryptolebias marmoratus
petromyzon marinus
drosophila melanogaster
